Handle zip export for filenames containing dots (#2010)
swisstopo/swissgeol-boreholes-suite: CHANGELOG.md

- When extracting coordinates from a PDF with the labeling feature, they could not be reset by pressing the discard changes button.
- Copying a borehole did not update its casing references to the copied casings.
- Importing a borehole with attachments assigned to a non-existent user id resulted in an error.

> - When exporting .zip archives for borehole whose names contained dots the .zip extraction was missing.

Author: ```suggestion
- When exporting .zip archives for boreholes whose names contained dots the .zip extension was missing.
```
